chore: update validate-release guide (#337)
apache/incubator-hugegraph-doc: content/en/docs/contribution-guidelines/validate-release.md

---

> Note: this doc will be updated continuously.

> > It is recommended to use Java11 verification, the new version no longer supports Java8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is recommended to use Java11 in verification, we will drop Java8 support from version 1.5.0
```
